hey everyone it's me ronnie and i am
filming with um my camera I'm not using
my Mac with this time I'm just you know
testing at the quality so I first of all
I just want to say that I'm not gonna
call this video my februari favorites
just because I'm i know i'm not going to
keep up with this and I'm really bad
making you know monthly favorite videos
so I'm just gonna call it something else
and what I stop babbling now and just
going to show you guys the products I
want to start off with um face first and
then on to eyes and then lips and then
other miscellaneous thing so the first
thing is my mac mineralize skinfinish
natural and this is a medium dark I've
had this ever since you know summer 2009
and I thought haven't hit pan on it and
I use is every single day I swear and
this is not even the full size so
imagine if I got the full size and it
probably took me years to finish it but
i'm planning to hit pan on this soon so
that i can finish it and then i can get
the full-size promise you you won't
regret buying it I mean you can't really
go wrong with this this my NARS the well
concealer and it is in custard ginger I
have been using this every single day
under like from under eye circles looks
like that and I use a darker one it
looks really dark when camera but is
actually a lot lighter in person so I
use this under my eyes and it works
really well and it doesn't create fine
lines or anything and it looks really
natural alright so the next thing is my
ELF complexion perfection and I've had
this for a while so this is what it
looks like it's basically just a powder
quad and it's the same concept as you
know those um color concealers but it's
just in powder form i use this usually
with a you know kind of like a crease
brush or something like this one and I
use that to get you know on the sides of
my nose and my under-eye to set the
concealer it's just perfect if you are
using it to set your
see you next is this blush that I've
been wearing every single day and this
is the elf contouring blush and bronzing
powder that is legit what the color is
on camera obviously the bronzer and this
is a blush I'm actually wearing it right
now but are you guys probably can't tell
look how pigmented that is I'm going to
go on to eyes though I have been wearing
my Revlon Colorstay eyeliner and this is
in black brown and I used to hate sauna
with a passion in now I am in love with
this inner seriously I don't know why i
hated it so much before but now I been
wearing this every single day and um
like the thing I like about it is that
it doesn't smear and it stays on your
waterline like literally forever so
that's what I we like about this mascara
that I've been in love with um for you
know for a while now okay Maybelline to
final ash volume mice sorry mass mascara
and this isn't very black packaging
first of all is adorable that's a plus
and I love I absolutely love the brush
it's so I don't know it really volumizes
your um your eyelash just blasting for
eyes is my coastal scents 88 warm
palette I got this for Christmas
actually so I've had it for a good for a
good month or two I have been loving all
these colors love this palette in
general the colors are so neutral and so
pigmented and you can come up with you
know probably thousands of looks with
these i'm going to show you guys the
particular shadows that I've been
wearing I've been writing this Goldie
color right here on the lid
and then this brown kind of like a wood
wing round for mac and it's just you
know kind of like a muddy brown and then
for highlight I've been using this one
so i'm going to show you swatch one
second oh that's the colors look like
this is a goal that i've been wearing on
my lid literally every single day for
you know like everyday mature look and
then this is a brown that i use for the
crease alright so that's a four eyes and
then on to lips for lips I just have
three washing on except to the first one
is my lipstick this is in cherish look
at me Amash shaky well and this is just
a perfect nude color if you are kind of
like NC 35 NC 40 it looks of curly on
camera but it's actually kind of like a
ma vie nude color and it is gorgeous on
your lips actually my lips are really
chapped at the moment but it's really
pretty I've been loving my lip balms
from Sephora and they're still on sale
on the website for 350 each and they're
originally ten dollars so that's a
really good you know deal I like three
and i just love them all three of them
but the one that I've been using a lot
is my pink grapefruit lip balm f-16 SPF
15 sorry and yeah Italy conditions our
lips and it smells really good this is
Aussie catch the wave moves and leave in
conditioner um ever since I caught my
hair I haven't really been able to you
know do different kinds of hair stylist
is because it's kind of you know short
in about curl it it's going to be like
up to here and that's not attractive at
all to me at least so I've been
scrunching my hair and this works so
well with my hair and then four cent I
have been wearing my abercrombie kids I
think yeah this is their original
perfume the one that they spray in the
store
yeah so this is it this is one fluid
ounces I think I have that much left so
it just smells really fresh and clean
and preppy it smells really good thank
you guys for watching and I'll
definitely talk to guys very soon